Create scalar transport module (#22392)
idaholab/moose: modules/scalar_transport/doc/content/source/bcs/BinaryRecombinationBC.md

# BinaryRecombinationBC

!syntax description /BCs/BinaryRecombinationBC

## Overview

This class implements a weak form corresponding to

\begin{equation}
\int_{\Omega} \psi_i K_r uv d\Omega
\end{equation}

> where $K_r$ is the recombination coefficient specified with the `Kr` parameter,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
where $K_r$ is the recombination coefficient specified with [!param](/BCs/BinaryRecombinationBC/Kr),
```

> $u$ corresponds to `variable` and $v$ is a coupled variable specified by the `v`
> parameter. As the name states, this class is meant to model binary recombination

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$u$ corresponds to [!param](/BCs/BinaryRecombinationBC/variable) and $v$ is a coupled variable specified by [!param](/BCs/BinaryRecombinationBC/v).
As the name states, this class is meant to model binary recombination
```
